Bing
Ding
Ring
Boxing
Coming
Eating
Peking
Racing
Sewing
Spring
Barking
Beijing
Bending
Boating
Burning
Bygning
Calling
Camping
Casting
Cutting
Dancing
Drawing
Dunking
Evening
Falling
Fishing
Hunting
Landing
Leaning
Looping
Morning
Nesting
Passing
Praying
Railing
Sailing
Sinking
Skating
Smoking
Swaying
Talking
Tapping
Undoing
Waiting
Weaving
Wedding
Weeping
Wyoming
Zapping
Aleching
Awning 1
Blessing
Breaking
Clearing
Counting
Covering
Crowding
Dressing
Drowning
Drumming
Emerging
Greeting
Kneeling
Moulting
Nestling
Offering
Painting
Plumbing
Pressing
Shooting
Shouting
Spawning
Spinning
Stalking
Standing
Swelling
Swimming
Uprising
Awakening
Casting V
Casting X
Drawing X
Fledgling
Gathering
Lightning
Losing It
Ping Pong
Ploughing
Preceding
Receiving
Revolving
Ring Bell
Splitting
Sting Ray
Strolling
Untwining
Up-Rising
Wrestling
Acting Out
Being Cozy
Blossoming
Casting IV
Casting VI
Drawing II
Etching #5
Everything
Flying Dog
Flying Fur
Frying Pan
Going Home
Homecoming
Opening Up
Painting 2
Sling Sofa
Taking Off
Baking Dish
Being There
Carving Set
Casting VII
Coloring #7
Dapping Die
Dying Light
Etching One
Falling Out
Fleeing Man
Flying Love
Gazing Head
Going Home!
Going Under
Handtinting
Hanging Man
Hunting Dog
Mixing Bowl
Overlapping
Running Cat
Running Mad
Serving Pot
Setting Hen
Singing Man
Tracing Pad
Walking Man
Bending Nude
Boxing Jesus
Burning Bush
Burning Logs
Calling Card
Carving Fork
Casting Lots
Casting VIII
Ceiling Lamp
Cracking Cup
Dancing Song
Dancing Tape
Digging Kids
Dining Table
Diving Board
Drawing #229
Drawing 1969
Drinking Cup
Driving Snow
Drowning Man
Dying Plants
Evening Song
Fishing Boat
Fishing Reel
Flushing Fed
Flying Bench
Flying Nurse
Folding Iron
Going Across
Hanging Coat
Hanging Lamp
Hatching Egg
Kicking Colt
Living Flame
Loading Corn
Mending Nets
Ming Dynasty
Missing Room
Mooring Rope
Morning Star
Naming Tokyo
Nothing More
Painting 95B
Playing Ball
Reading Lips
Running Legs
Serving Bowl
Serving Cart
Spring Chair
Standing Boy
Standing Man
Striding Out
Tooting Boys
Turning Form
Watering Can
Wedding Veil
Wishing Tree
Wood-turning
Boiling Flask
Bowling Alley
Carving Knife
Ceiling Light
Charming Mutt
Curving Canal
Cutting Album
Dancing Party
Darling Child
Drawing 80/10
Drawing Album
Drawing No. 1
Drawing No. 9
Dressing Room
Drinking Cups
Drinking Milk
Dropping Milk
Drowning Girl
Evening Party
Falling Night
Filmrecording
Fishing Boats
Fishing Knife
Floating Logs
Flying Carpet
Flying Saucer
Folding Chair
Folding Knife
Going Through
Hanging Roots
Herring Catch
Humming Heart
Hunting Knife
Kneeling Fawn
Kneeling Girl
Kneeling Nude
Landing Place
Letting Go #8
Living Center
Living Inside
Measuring Cup
Meeting Place
Meeting Point
Menacing Head
Mixing Bucket
Morning Glory
Morning Paper
Moving Midway
Nightswimming
Nothing Doing
Painting 1943
Passing Bells
Peeling House
Peeling Paint
Playing Cards
Pulling Mouth
Pumping Shape
Rocking Chair
Rocking Knife
Rocking Stool
Roping a Calf
Rubbing Piece
Running Water
Running White
Rushing Train
Serving Carts
Serving Spoon
Singing Girls
Sleeping Girl
Sleeping Muse
Slicing Knife
Slipping Away
Spring Angels
Spring Tryout
Stacking Cups
Standing Bull
Standing Girl
Standing Lamp
Standing Nude
Swimming Fish
Talking Heads
Tilting Ardor
Tilting Power
Trainspotting
Twisting Slab
Vanishing Act
Waiting Women
Walking House
Weaving Album
Wedding Belts
Weeping Woman
Writing 1-2-3
Zipping Along
Beaming Monkey
Bearing Spring
Boiling Flasks
Bouncing Skull
Brushing Teeth
Buying a House
Clapping Piece
Conceiving Ada
Crouching Nude
Dancing Couple
Dancing Figure
Dancing Insect
Dancing Nymphs
Drawing No. 10
Drawing No. 12
Dripping Water
Dying Old Maid
Encircling Net
Evening Patrol
Exploding Cell
Felling a Tree
Floating No. 2
Flying Dustmen
Flying Letters
Folding Screen
Forming Sounds
Hanging Figure
Hanging Mobile
Hanging Sheets
I-Ching Series
Jumping Figure
Kneeling Nudes
Kneeling Woman
Kneeling Youth
Laughing Boxes
Leaning Figure
Loading Crates
Meeting Chairs
Morning Hunter
Mourning Women
Nesting Tables
Praying Mantis
Pricking Album
Pruning Shears
Reclining Nude
Revealing Fact
Running Horses
Running Man II
Running Rabbit
Scurrying Home
Sinking in Ice
Sitting Figure
Sitting Medium
Sleeping Gypsy
Sleeping Woman
Snipe-Shooting
Spring Angel A
Spring Angel B
Spring Angel C
Spring Angel D
Spring Angel E
Spring Angel F
Spring Angel G
Spring Showers
Stacking Glass
Standing Group
Standing Woman
Standing Youth
Stewing Around
String Balloon
String Quartet
Viking Dracula
Visiting Nurse
Wedding Invite
Winding Towers
Yielding Stone
Bearing Flowers
Calling Man Ray
Carving Platter
Ceiling Fixture
Challenging Man
Crouching Model
Crouching Woman
Dancing Sailors
Diving Sequence
Drawing 1968-69
Drawing 2 Hydra
Drinking Beaker
Eating Jaffe TV
Evening Shadows
Facing a Family
Fishing Steamer
Floating Figure
Flowing Phalanx
Flying Fortress
Following Piece
Greeting Object
Hunting Fantasy
Inflating Table
Laughing Gothic
Milking the Cow
Missing Corners
Passing Recalls
Reclining Chair
Reclining chair
Reclining Drunk
Reclining Frame
Reclining Model
Reclining Woman
Returning Rebel
Revolving Doors
Ring-A-Lingling
Rolling Terrain
Running Figures
Seeing New York
Self-Painting 1
Sewing C.K.T.S.
Singing Orpheus
Sleeping Beauty
Sleeping Couple
Sleeping Figure
Smuggling Night
Spelling Lesson
Spiraling Jetty
Spring Angel C#
Spring armchair
Spring Blossoms
Spring Calipers
Stacking Tables
Standing Figure
Thighing (Blue)
Threading Light
Throbbing Pulse
Traveling Death
Tubing Sections
Turning Inwards
Twining Court I
Walking Figures
Walking the Dog
Wav(er)ing Flag
Wyoming Prairie
(Mourning women)
Building Facades
Cooking Crystals
Counting (Rocks)
Crying in Public
Deliberating Man
Descending Arrow
Drawing for Fret
Drawing for Suit
Engraving No. 83
Engraving No. 85
Evaporating Dish
Evening on Which
Feeding the Baby
Feeding Utensils
Fighting Centaur
Fixing the Wires
Floating Islands
Flowering Desert
Fluxanything Box
Herding Tourists
Jumping with Toy
King of the Jews
Learning Machine
Lighting Fixture
Linking Graphics
Listening Bamboo
Living Elsewhere
Loving Reverence
Loving the Alien
Measuring Flasks
Melting Crucible
Mounting a Bronc
Nesting Tumblers
Nothing Ventured
Painting Study 1
Painting Study 2
Reclining Figure
Reclining Frames
Reflecting Image
Shooting Gallery
Something to Say
Spur-Wing Plover
Stacking Bottles
Stacking Glasses
Standing Figures
Talking Herstory
Wedding Souvenir
Weeping Magdalen
Yellowing Spirit
Building at Night
Calling All Girls
Coming for Cotton
Diving for Pearls
Drawing - Collage
Drawing A2: Hansi
Drawing for Tondo
Drawing for Whisk
Drawing Restraint
Evening (Le soir)
Finding Neverland
Flaming Creatures
Flaying a Convict
Floating Sleep, A
Folding Propeller
Furnishing Fabric
Hailing the Ferry
Hanging Structure
Happening Platter
Harpooning Walrus
Holding the Brush
I-Ching Series, 5
Inpainting (Gray)
Interlacing Album
King Street, City
Knitting (Tricot)
Landing Stripling
Lighting Fixtures
Listening to T.M.
Melting Crucibles
Modelling in clay
Opening Car Doors
Painting Number 2
Passing of Dreams
Placing Platforms
Racing Wheelchair
Raging Brook Farm
Reclining Figures
Reclining Nude, I
Reflecting Window
Returning to Fuji
Rising Sphere III
Slanting Red Nose
Sleeping Peasants
Smothering Dreams
Spanning Material
Spring from Faces
Spring Table Lamp
Stacking Armchair
Stacking Ashtrays
Stacking Tumblers
Standing Bear Cub
Standing Sheepman
Stinking with Sin
Stretching Figure
Thanksgiving 1984
Throbbing Gristle
Touching the Void
Trembling Then...
Waiting (Attente)
Waiting for Godot
Walking on Air, 8
Watching the Game
(Strolling family)
Bleeding Takari II
Boiling Blood, Fly
Cowering Woman III
Crossing at Chalma
Crystallizing Dish
Etching for Denial
Evaporating Dishes
Evening in Kenwood
Evolving Portraits
Fencing in Suffolk
Folding Deck Chair
Folding Headphones
Going to the Start
Hanging Lotus Lamp
Hanging Neck Watch
Hanging Tree Limbs
Hauling in the Net
Holding for Police
Learning the Flute
Living Dangerously
Mapping II (Heart)
mono-Ring Flatware
Morning Candelabra
Pacing Upside Down
Parachuting Series
Peking Observatory
Reading on the Bed
Reclining Figure I
Reframing the Past
Revolving Armchair
Roving Weft Fabric
Serving the dinner
Slaughtering Swine
Something Again, A
Something Again, B
Spinning [excerpt]
Splitting I and II
Spring in Berkeley
Spring in New York
Stacking Tableware
Standing Man (#14)
Thanking the Group
Touching Two Sides
Traveling Salesman
Turning Point >80<
Turning Some Pages
Twittering Machine
Wainscoting Fabric
Walking in a Dream
Wandering Position
Watching the Clock
Cleaning the Drapes
Cutting the Gladdon
Dancing At Lughnasa
Disgusting Mattress
Drawing for a Tondo
Drawing Restraint 7
Drawing Restraint 9
Dressing for Church
Emptying the Fridge
Farming Generations
Finding Photographs
Flaming City Reel 1
Flaming City Reel 2
Flaming City Reel 3
Flaming City Reel 4
Flirting with Stone
flying dutchman (1)
Folding Music Stand
Going To Rome Event
Going to the Market
Inrichting Fransman
King Solomon's Ring
Laughing Mannequins
Linking Graphics, 2
Living Together #12
Living Together #15
Living Together #19
Miming Steak Knives
Navigating the Void
Playing Card Plates
Praying Hands, Bali
Preparing the Flute
Reading Work Pieces
Reciprocating Wedge
Reclining Figure II
Rotating Lighthouse
Self-Playing Violin
Singing Blind Woman
Sleeping Figure, II
Spanking the Monkey
Speeding Automobile
Spring - A Triptych
Stacking Dinnerware
Stacking Side Chair
Standing Nude, Back
Swingeing London 67
Thanksgiving Turkey
Vanishing Time Ring
Waiting for Guffman
Wallpiercing Lights
Whipping into Shape
Beginning Filmmaking
Breeding Table #1172
Breeding Table #1199
Casting Fair Ophelia
Charing Cross Bridge
Clipping with Pistol
Crystallizing Dishes
Drawing and Painting
Drawing Announcement
Drawing of a rainbow
Falling Piece 2 x 15
Filling Up the Shell
Floating Hitler Head
Folding Service Cart
Getting Away With It
Going to Get Married
Hanging Rubberman #2
Hanging Rubberman #3
Leatherstocking (#3)
Living Fluxsculpture
Mapping the Internet
Melting Ice, Arizona
Moving Theater No. 2
Moving to 8th Street
Nesting Coffee Table
Nesting Mixing Bowls
Nesting Stool-Tables
Painting with a Ball
Pertaining to Type B
Poling the Marsh Hay
Praying Mantis Crane
Putting on the Angst
Quanting the Gladdon
Reclining Figure, II
Reclining Seat Curve
Shimmering Substance
Signing certificates
Slushing from No Gas
Stacking Side Chairs
Standing Female Nude
Standing Woman, Back
Striding Man (Large)
Wainscoting Material
Walking (Dry Winter)
Wall-Covering Sample
Watching the Dancers
(Nothing But) Flowers
A-Hunting He Would Go
Bouncing Ball Bearing
bowling pin head/Hey!
Brickmaking (Norfolk)
Caning and upholstery
Carrying the Skeleton
Counting (#2) (Rocks)
Crouching Nude Figure
Cutting Room Newsreel
Drawing for A200 AJUT
Etching in Four Parts
Evening at San Benito
Evening Star, No. III
Fighting Lazy Workers
Flaming City (Reel 1)
Flaming City (Reel 2)
Flaming City (Reel 3)
Flaming City (Reel 4)
Kneeling Woman, Small
Making Democracy Work
Manipulating the Self
Naming Tokyo (part I)
Painting Version 1-90
Paying the Board Bill
Pulling in the Reigns
Pulling up a Gas Tank
Reading in the Subway
Reclining Chair Frame
Resting at the Bazaar
Revolving Upside Down
Ring Image A, B and C
Seeing Shadows VIII A
Sleeping Girl in Coat
Spring (Yellow Curve)
Standing Man, profile
Taking up the Eel-Net
Talking and Listening
Waiting for Delacroix
Cutting Rushes, Mandan
Drawing for Stock Page
During the Bombardment
Evening in Kew Gardens
Expanding Fingerprints
Fighting in the Zocalo
Flirting with Disaster
Flying Object (Rocket)
Gathering Water-Lilies
Hanging Man (Le Pendu)
Hanging Weeds, state V
Joining System Details
Landing on James River
Measuring the Universe
Morning - The Coverlet
Naming Tokyo (part II)
Painting on Brick Wall
Panning Annex (Albert)
Quanting the Marsh Hay
Raising of the Squalus
Reclining Nude Turning
Rooming House, Chicago
Running Boy, Guatemala
Rushing Water Number 2
Setting up the Bow-Net
Spring on the Hillside
Stamping in the Studio
Travelling Garage Sale
Uniting Their Thoughts
Waiting for Beginnings
Waiting for the Return
Walking Woman, Profile
Wall-Covering Material
Wedding in the Ukraine
Amazing Electric Violin
Dancing Insect, state I
Disappearing (Screened)
Drawing - Semen Drawing
Drawing for Theresa Pan
Drawing for Tondo No. 2
Drawing for Tondo No. 3
Drawing for Tondo No. 5
During the Reed-Harvest
Everything Put Together
Floating Three Way Plug
Flowing Anal Bead Skirt
Hanging Bundle of Vines
Hanging Light Structure
Hanging Rock, Echo City
Hanging Weeds, state IV
Introducing the Miracle
Kneeling Nude with Bowl
Knitting Wool Container
Meaning of the Interval
Meeting of Two Cultures
Mixing Bowl with Handle
Naming Tokyo (part III)
Osier-Peeling (Norfolk)
Protecting the Homeland
Reclining frame studies
Reclining Head of Julia
Reclining Nude with Cat
Rocking the Great Walls
Shocking Corn (Norfolk)
Spinning Faces in Space
Spring from The Seasons
Spring Valley, New York
Standing Man with Stick
Standing Woman, Profile
Stockpiling Coated Pipe
Swingeing London 67 (c)
Waiting for Commercials
Walking Piece, Pedestal
Awakening in the Pacific
Carving and cabinet work
Ching Chang's Little Fan
Dancing Insect, state II
Dangling by Their Mouths
Drawing from Stereoscope
Dying People in the Bush
Exploding Cell Wallpaper
Fishing Boats, Collioure
Flinging down the Toscin
Folding Newspaper Holder
Hanging Man Sleeping Man
King Pest (Le Roi Peste)
Living Room/Bathroom II.
Meeting from First Light
Morning of the Magicians
Painting Bitten by a Man
Rocking Chair (no. 7028)
Seeing and Hearing Space
Shooting of Mayor Gaynor
Sleeping on Montparnasse
Spring Connection Detail
Spring on Madison Square
Spring Showers, New York
Standing Woman in Kimono
Starting Point and Paths
Swingeing London 1967 II
Throwing Knife (model 9)
Walking Wounded, Oakland
Weaving Word, only state
Weeping Willow Tea Caddy
Whispering Lely Painting
Bathing Woman and Servant
Ceiling Lamp (model 5539)
Drawing from Zeno Writing
Folding Stereo Headphones
Free-Hanging Room Divider
Logging Cedar Phone Poles
Moving Rock #14-1 Drawing
Nesting Tables (model B9)
Painting To Be Stepped On
Painting to Hammer a Nail
Painting with Two Balls I
Posing for the First Time
Pouting Quims of Atlantis
Pulling Tubing - Oil Well
Reading Work Piece No. 18
Reading Work Piece No. 33
Reclining Chair with Arms
Reclining Girl (Sea Mood)
Reclining Nude Stretching
Ring Armchair (model 273)
Screaming Cop (Echo Lake)
Shaking Flask and Stopper
Smoking (Fluxfilm no. 18)
Spiraling Arrows, state I
Spring Chair without Arms
Spring Connection Details
Stacking Stool (model 60)
Working Tables, 2000-2005
(Standing Male Nude Torso)
Campaigning on Long Island
Dictating Unit (model 274)
Drawing for Water Tower, I
Drawing for Water Tower, V
Drawing Which Makes Itself
Dying Soldier from The War
Evening Tourist Tickets 6d
King Curtis. New York City
Leaning forward Gracefully
Listening to Some Speeches
Mining Town, West Virginia
Morning from Day and Dream
Nesting Refrigerator Bowls
Nothing to Lose (The Book)
Packaging Post for the War
Painting with Two Balls II
Reclining Chair Seat Curve
Reclining Chair with Arms.
Reclining Nude with Guitar
Redding Woods, Connecticut
Rocking Armchair Model RAR
Self-Aligning Ball Bearing
Shooting Stars, only state
Singing in Unison, state I
Spiraling Arrows, state II
Spring Chairs without Arms
Stacking Stools (model 60)
Walking (But Missing Much)
Working proof for Ale Cans
Working proof for FLAGS II
Bringing Home the Evolution
Building a Broken Mousetrap
C-Spring Chair without Arms
Counting Song from Fluxshop
Cutting and Sewing Workbook
Disappearing Music for Face
Drawing #9 for Time Flowers
Drawing for Crown of Thorns
Drawing for Opposite Circle
Drawing for Water Tower, II
Drawing for Water Tower, IV
Drawing for Water Tower, VI
Drying Teddies, P.Q. Canada
Embracing the Tree, state I
Etching with Five Diagonals
Evening on a Berkshire Farm
Floating Compression Column
Galloping Horse with Jockey
Laughing Woman and Close-Up
Meeting chez Renault, Paris
Naming Tokyo (part II) card
Nothing at All Richard Dadd
Pulsating Structuralization
Reading Lamp Model 1 and VW
Reclining Chair Seat Curves
Reclining Chair with Figure
Reclining from The Nude Man
Reclining Nude (Nu couchÌ©)
Rushing Water, Merced River
Singing in Unison, state II
Sleeping Figure, only state
Sleeping Tramp in Marseille
Spanning Material for Radio
Spitting on the Camera Lens
Spring Song of Night Insect
Standing Nude, Arms on Head
Standing Woman with Drapery
String 10å¢ from a-z series
Turning Road at Montgeroult
Wall-Covering Fabric Sample
Weighing Bottle and Stopper
Advertising for Schiaparelli
Drawing for Battle of Giants
Drawing for Water Tower, III
Drawing for Water Tower, VII
Drawing sediments for memory
Embracing the Tree, state II
Giving Birth Astride a Grave
Going Outside (Fifth Spread)
Hanging Roots (From Ceiling)
Homecoming Prisoners, Vienna
Killing of the Banquet Roast
Living Room (Living-Comedor)
Morning Light on Art for All
Plowing after the old method
Preparing for the revolution
Profiteering Farmer's Family
Reclining Chair without Arms
Resting Company from The War
Riding School After Ridinger
Rowing home the Schoof-Stuff
Seeing it through (motorman)
Self-organizing environments
Selling God as a Work of Art
Serving the students' dinner
Setting for Rape of Lucretia
Singing in Unison, state III
Sleeping Girl in Grain Field
Sleeping Mask for Parkett 70
Sleeping Swineherd with Pigs
Spinning Beach Ball of Death
Summoning of the Serpent God
Talking Heads, Fear of Music
Tentoonstelling L. P. Hoezen
Welding Helmet Model No. 700
Whipping the Wall with Paint
Working Drawing for Tapestry
Anything But What You Were-Ha
Borrowing Your Enemy's Arrows
Bouncing in the Corner, No. 1
Building the Palace Of Cortez
Crossing Paths with Luce Vigo
Crossing the Ohio, Louisville
Drawing for Transient Rainbow
Drawing for Water Tower, VIII
Drawing Lesson, Part I - Line
Drawing Series III/2314/A & B
Dumpling from The Last Supper
Eel-Picking in Suffolk Waters
Evening Sunlight, East Canaan
Falling on Deaf Ears Number 1
Folding Armchair Model No. B4
Folding Rule (for Parkett 55)
Gathering for a Demonstration
Growing Line Series: Number 2
Hanging Figure, state I of II
Hearring (for Parkett No. 49)
Making Flowers in a Slum Home
Nothing - Nobody from Preview
Reclining Frames without Arms
Roller-Skating Rink, Colorado
Seeing it through (policeman)
Shipping Coffee at Champerico
Spring In the Country, Easter
Stacking Armchair (model 403)
Striking Worker, Assassinated
String Quartet from Water Yam
Thinking About Form & Content
Understanding Heterosexuality
Weighing Bottles and Stoppers
Wrapping Paper for Rinascente
Assembling for a Demonstration
Burning Lundy in Effigy, Derry
Constructing the City, project
Drawing for Mouchoir de Nuages
Drawing Restraint 9: Shimenawa
Dressing Room from Annual Fair
Embracing the Tree II, state I
Evening Storm, Schoodic, Maine
Firing Squad, Vicennes, France
Flying Morning Glory (on fire)
Flying Pizza from New York Ten
Going to the Post, Morris Park
Graduating Girl (Version 2) #1
Growing Old from Little Morals
Hanging Figure, state II of II
King Saul Falling on his Sword
Living with the Living Theatre
Meeting of Prague's Liberators
Moving Truck and Bureau Mirror
Nothing Escapes Me, only state
Nothing Escapes Me, Only state
Reclining II from The Nude Man
Recording for Fly, by Yoko Ono
Seeing it through (bus driver)
Self-Portrait/Scribble/Etching
Spiraling Eyes, state VI of VI
Standing and Reclining Figures
Standing Open Structure, Black
Talking Heads, Remain in Light
Walking Quickly Under the Rain
Wedding Square. (Weddingplatz)
Drawing for Ubu Roi, Cave Scene
Drawing with Isolated Landscape
Embracing the Tree II, state II
Embracing the Tree II, state IV
Everything is Over from Preview
Frying Pan (La poÌ»le ÌÊ frire)
Growing Up in Greenwich Village
Landing Supplies on James River
Listing of Films and Categories
Looking Through Brooklyn Bridge
Manipulating a Fluorescent Tube
Painting Face Down - White Line
Reclining chair (large version)
Reclining Head (Liegender Kopf)
Seeing it through (firefighter)
Shadow-defining piece on stairs
Somersaulting Acrobatic Dancers
Standing female nude (Untitled)
Standing Male Nude with Glasses
Working proof for VENTRILOQUIST
(outing at beach; people wading)
Clearing Land, Ellis Unit, Texas
Dancing Lady from Zeno at 4 A.M.
Dreaming Youth from The Dead Day
Dying Donkey at the Seville Fair
Embracing the Tree II, state III
King Club, Glendora, Mississippi
Looking at Her Sidewise, state I
Moving images over moving people
Peeking through Curtain, state I
Plowing by the scientific method
Reclining Woman (Donna Soraiata)
Running Children, Rabat, Morocco
Sprawling #55, 61, 62, 63 and 64
Squeezing Sorrow From an Ashtray
Standing Dustpan (model KS 1068)
Standing Girl Wrapped in Blanket
Being Necessitates Faith in Paper
Boxing figure/bloody head/planter
Crawling Woman from Day and Dream
Dancing Couple from Day and Dream
Dancing Insect, state II, variant
Drawing for See America First #16
Drawing for the Atollo Table Lamp
Evaporating or Crystallizing Dish
Furze-Cutting on a Suffolk Common
Looking Towards Mexico, Otay Mesa
Peeking through Curtain, state II
Planting Coffee Seed at Las Nubes
Reclining Chair with Arms. Table.
Seeing it through (station woman)
Shooting Gallery from Annual Fair
Sleeping Figure (Figure endormie)
Stacking Tableware (model TC 100)
Throwing the Plate from Very High
Watching Santa, Namm's Dept Store
Cutting Device: Base Plate Measure
Disintegrating Trench from The War
Drawing of Enantiomorphic Chambers
Drawing Which Makes Itself: FPI 16
Drawing Which Makes Itself: FPI 18
Getting it Together in the Country
Living Forms (Les Formes vivantes)
Looking at Her Sidewise, state III
Peeking through Curtain, state III
Plowing Scene on the Seine, France
Reading from the Holy Gospel, Circ
Reclining Figure in Dark Landscape
Shooting Painting American Embassy
Something To Do Lenny Bruce Poster
Spiraling Arrows, state I, variant
Study/Falling Man Series, Volume I
Talking Light (for Parkett no. 47)
Thinking of Ensor and My Cat Diego
Working Drawing For Northwest Room
Working proof for Linking Graphics
Bleeding Heart (CorazÌ_n Sangrante)
Drawing for Tondo in Two Variations
Drawing for Untitled 1973 Structure
Drinking "Super" in Birkenhead Park
Floating Compression Mast or Column
Flying Saucers (Soucoupes Volantes)
Folding Lounge Chair with Foot Rest
Nothing to Lose/ Niets aan verloren
Placing Markers for Execution Squad
Recruiting Sergeants at Westminster
Seeing it through (woman conductor)
Sleeping Athlete from Day and Dream
Spring Showers - The Street Cleaner
Staring Face with Red Hand, state I
Study/Falling Man Series, Volume II
Astonishing Event (Asombroso Suceso)
Bring in 'Da Noise Bring in 'Da Funk
Centering Bouncing Ball 36 Exposures
Counting to Welcome One's Defrosting
Drawing for DIGITS FROM THE WILDWOOD
Drawing for IN MEMORY OF MY FEELINGS
Evening from Home Is a Foreign Place
Gambling in the Dressing Room, Tokyo
Morning from Home Is a Foreign Place
Reclining Chair with Arms and Rocker
Reclining Chair without Arms. Table.
Remodeling of Alexanderplatz, Berlin
Spring and Varick Streets, Manhattan
Staring Face with Red Hand, state II
Bumming in Beijing: The Last Dreamers
Dangling Mirror with Sticks and Vines
Dragging the Bull from La tauromaquia
Drawing for 'Dream of Opposite World'
Drawing for Tondo in Three Variations
Drawing without Paper 84/25 and 84/26
Dying Minotaur from the Vollard Suite
Embracing the Tree, state II, variant
Floating Kelp, Tide Pool, Point Lobos
Folding Table on Casters (model T702)
Keeping Score from Disasters of Peace
King and Demagogue from Day and Dream
Meeting House, Southbury, Connecticut
Reading Work Piece (Principle) No. 97
Reclining Chair with and without Arms
Reclining Chair with and Without Arms
Singing in Unison, state III, variant
Standing Nude, Arms Covering her Face
Staring Face with Red Hand, state III
Stepping Stones of the Katsura Palace
Traveling Eye from Museum in Progress
Watching the Press/Reading Television
Wedding Dance, Williamsburg, New York
Wedding of Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Kennedy
(Drawing after KÌãsebier's "Serbonne")
(outing on grassy knoll; man with cow)
Breaking In from the video tape Shorts
Clowning Closes the Gap Between Clowns
Coming Attractions, Bristolville, Ohio
Contemplating Murder from The Dead Day
Covering Movement (Mouvement couvrant)
Crying in Public from Crying in Public
Double-Nose/Purse/Punching Bag/Ashtray
Drawing No. 1 for Analysis of Letter Y
Drawing No. 2 for Analysis of Letter Y
drawing of little girl on yellow paper
During the Recent Bombardment of Padua
Foraging (The Air Itself/Dark Version)
Loading Coffee for the Port, Las Nubes
Picking the Christmas Card for Teacher
Pinning the Hat (Le Chapeau Ì©pinglÌ©)
Reading Lamp (model 1 and H reflector)
Reclining Chair with Rocker, with Arms
Reigning Poverty (La Pobreza Reinante)
Rocking Snake from Insicuro Noncurante
Self-Portrait/Squibble/Etching Box Set
Smelting on the River Blythe (Suffolk)
Travelling Eye from Museum in Progress
Waiting Room, Poplar DHSS, East London
Walking (In The Landscape Switch Over)
Breaking Camp, Brandy Station, Virginia
Drawing for Leakey, Ride for Dr. Leakey
Drawing for Sunday comic strip "BATMAN"
Etching for Parkett (for Parkett no. 7)
Hanging Figure, state II of II, variant
Hiding Eye from Helmet Head Lithographs
Minding the Baby. Scene in Gotham Court
Moving Cloud from Series of Repetitions
Parking Lot, River Rouge Plant, Detroit
Ring of Flowers from Break the Silence!
Rooming House--Bunker Hill, Los Angeles
Thanksgiving Day Lesson at the Whittier
Wandering Boy, Camp Carlton, California
Drawing the Outer Skin over the Skeleton
Embracing the Tree II, state II, variant
Embracing the Tree II, state IV, variant
Etching for Obama from Artists for Obama
King Manufacturing Co., Augusta, Georgia
Living with Rocks from Artists for Obama
Making the Engine from Building Aircraft
Moving Man, Pitt Street, Lower East Side
Preparing for the Day from Little Morals
Reading Room, Imperial Asylum, Vincennes
Reclining Odalisque (Odalisque couchÌ©e)
Reformvoeding reformschoeisel reformhuis
Shipbreaking #13, Chittagong, Bangladesh
Air-conditioning Show/Air Show/Frameworks
Burning Fields, Melmerby, North Yorkshire
Deuropening Reguliersgracht 90, Amsterdam
Disappearing Music for Face from Fluxus 1
Falling (plate, folio 6) from Oda a Lorca
Losing at the Horse Races, Auteuil, Paris
Morning in Athens Hanging Glass Sculpture
Peeking through Curtain, state I, variant
Peopling the Land (Peuplement des terres)
Persuading Longshoremen to Return to Work
Playing Children, Broad Format from Faces
Reading Work Piece No. 118: 20 Cigarettes
Reclining Chair without Arms, with Figure
Testing the Devil, plate 8 from 25 Prints
Working Drawings for Numbers and Trees #7
Blowing Bubbles: Paintings by Sang-Ah Choi
Bouncing in the Corner, No. 2: Upside Down
Braiding Hair on Bree Street, Johannesburg
Coupling (plate, page 17) from Corps Perdu
Drawing for With Energy Beyond These Walls
Hanging Column (from Dawn's Wedding Feast)
Living conditions were better in the North
Marching (plate, folio 8) from Oda a Lorca
Meeting Street, Charleston, South Carolina
Peeking through Curtain, state II, variant
Sailing Knife and Marlinespike (model 468)
Setting Out a Coffee Plantation at Antigua
Taking in the Landscape from Little Morals
Building Form Studies, project Perspective
Dying Poplars and Live Branch - Lake George
Flying Pizza for the portfolio New York Ten
Interlocking Pink and Vermillion with Blues
Measuring Spoon and Scale (Ladle and Stand)
Peeking through Curtain, state III, variant
Reading Work Piece (Principle) No. 97 & 104
Roaring Mountain, Yellowstone National Park
Stacking Tableware (model TC 100) Soup Bowl
Stepping Stones beside the Onrindo, Katsura
Tracing Space I, Tracing Space II, and Plan
Waiting for Tear Gas (white globe to black)
Waiting the Turn: Children's Clinic: Moscow
Building Form Studies, project Perspectives
Disappearing Music for Face (Fluxfilm no. 4)
Etching for Circle of Friends of the Bauhaus
Evening Party in the Hotel Excelsior in Rome
Felling a Fir Tree, 51 Feet in Circumference
Getting Out of the Picture (12 Second Timer)
Hatching from Four Panels from Untitled 1972
Kaleiding Petals (Peripheral Drift Illusion)
Listening to de Gaulle, near Aubenas, France
Reclining Chair without Arms. Frame details.
Transplanting the Young Coffee Tree, Antigua
Travelling Preacher, Greenville, Mississippi
Working with Orchestra. (Rabota s orkestrom)
Wrecking of the Lurline Baths, San Francisco
(outing and picnic; lone tree in background)
Dancing Figures. Phoenix Civic Plaza, Arizona
Debating Society Meeting at Merchiston Castle
Drawing from 'Preparing the Flute' (Backdrop)
Drying Coffee Berries on the Patio, Las Nubes
Everything That Happens is Because of the Sun
Floating crane "Ajax" test. 250 ton test load
Marking the Passage, Three Rivers, New Mexico
Reclining Figure: Architectural Background II
Standing Male Nude with Arm Raised, Back View
Staring Face with Red Hand, state II, variant
Studying the Art of War (Fairfax Court-House)
Tilt/Swing (360å¼ field of vision, version 1)
Turning Out the Light from New York City Life
Building Riddled with Listening Devices (Beta)
Drawing for daily section comic strip "BATMAN"
Flying Carpets No. 1-6 from Museum in Progress
Idling Women (plate, folio 15) from KG BrÌ_cke
Leaving a Fire in Drenched Raincoat and Helmet
Reclining Chair without Arms. Chair with Arms.
Something I will be searching (with a lantern)
Spanning Bridge Project, Luxembourg Elevation
Staring Face with Red Hand, state III, variant
Ting Du from New Classic of Mountains and Seas
Beginning to See the Light Despite the Darkness
Clearing Storm, Sonoma County Hills, California
Kissing Couple in Jean Pants and Green Bathroom
Looking North, Newcastle By-Pass, Tyne and Wear
Reclining Chair without Arms (similar to MR100)
Remodelling of Modlinger House, Wannsee, Berlin
Whaling Ship; Movie Pilot "Busters" - Stage #27
(outing at rocks; figures nestled between rocks)
Bringing in the Day's Coffee Harvest, San Isidro
Dancing Aerophone from Mechanical Flux Orchestra
Dancing Harlequin (plate, folio 18) from Toupies
Floating City, project Kasumigaura, Japan Plan
Grouping and Coupling (Blockhead Drawing 1 of 4)
Heading for Act 1 from The Robbers (Die RÌ_uber)
Heading for Act 2 from The Robbers (Die RÌ_uber)
Heading for Act 3 from The Robbers (Die RÌ_uber)
Irving Blum Memorial Edition from Star of Persia
King Cormack's Chapel. Cashel A.D. 1135 (Petrie)
Looking Back on the City, Highbury, North London
Naming Tokyo (part I) and Naming Tokyo (part II)
Photographing from the Blackwell's Island Bridge
Punching Bags, Gleason's Gym, Brooklyn, New York
Rocking Chaise with Adjustable Back (model 7500)
Saluting the Flag at the Whittier Primary School
Talking Heads, More Songs About Buildings & Food
(outing at end of island; group posing in shrubs)
Being Women in Japan: Liberation within My Family
Bustling Life (plate 8) from Verses Without Words
Chipping Sparrow, Great Spruce Head Island, Maine
Fastening of tubular-steel legs for leather desks
Floating Dragon from RÌ©incarnations du PÌ¬re Ubu
Floating Island to Travel Around Manhattan Island
Listening to a Soap-Box Orator, Hyde Park, London
Miting dvortsov, 1917-1918. Alliterovannaia proza
Opposing Mirrors and Video Monitors on Time Delay
Reclining Chair with Arms. Floating Wall Cabinet.
Reclining Chair without Arms. Chair without Arms.
Shrinking Travel Time, American Overseas Airlines
Something of the World (Quelque chose d'un monde)
Spring Inundation. Bank of the St. Lawrence River
Swing from Popular Music 1 (Unterhaltungsmusik 1)
Advertising Insert for Rasch Wallpaper Sample Book
Clearing Ground for a Coffee Plantation, Las Nubes
Descending Helix from the series Trembling Then...
Looking out from Black Hawks Cave, Wisconsin Dells
Reclining Chair with Arms. Lounge Chair with Arms.
Rowing Samoan (headpiece, folio 1) from KG BrÌ_cke
Unfolding 3rd: P from the Unfolding/Fragment Suite
Walking a Straight 10-Mile Line, Dartmoor, England
Writing and Two Crosses (Graphismes et deux croix)
Breaking Ground for New Housing Project in Brooklyn
Closing Illustration from The Robbers (Die RÌ_uber)
During the War: Shortage of Food in Easton, state I
Dying Warrior (plate, folio 18) from Ann Eliza Reed
Hingeling (music bird), from the Boezels collection
Living & Loving # 1 - The Biography of Donald Cappy
Living & Loving #2 - The Biography of Zoe Stillpass
Looking South into the Grand Canyon, Colorado River
Morning of Bobby Sands' Death, Ballymurphy, Belfast
Pickering House, Gothic Style, Salem, Massachusetts
Reclining Nude, Upside Down (Nu couchÌ©, renversÌ©)
Riding Path (plate, folio 24) from KlÌ_nge (Sounds)
Standing Nude, Signet of the BrÌ_cke Artists' Group
Tentoonstelling Groningen, 15 Juni-15 Augustus 1903
Classifying the Thousand Longest Rivers in the World
Descending the Throne You Became Foot Soldier & Cook
Drinking Song (plate 1) from Stadtnacht (City Night)
During the War: Shortage of Food in Easton, state II
Housing for the Negroes was a very difficult problem
Lansing College East of Dining Hall, Sussex, England
Reading Work Piece No. 10: fill with own imagination
Running Water - Rural Electrification Administration
Sulking (Bouderie) from L'Estampe Moderne, Number 18
Writing Nine Letters In the Air from The Whole Works
Battling Centaurs (plate V) from Intermezzos, Opus IV
During the War: Shortage of Food in Easton, state III
Evening Recreations of the Coffee Pickers, San Isidro
Floating crane "Ajax" test. Raising 250 ton test load
Folding car seat of tubular steel, with rubber straps
Freeing the Body (From Performance Edition 1973-1994)
Living & Loving #3 - The Biography of Mitchell Wright
Looking North from the Mouth of the Blue, Middle Park
Reclining Chair without Arms. Lounge Chair with Arms.
Reporting from SÌ£o Paulo, I'm from the United States
Squatting Woman from The Graphic Work of Egon Schiele
Building (Immeuble) from the portfolio Fables (Fables)
Crossing Supplies Tent, Avenida Internacional, Tijuana
During the Visit of George VI of England to Versailles
Etching after "Untitled Yellow-Black" from Nine Prints
Floating Objects Illumined, No. 4 from Portfolio No. 1
Freeing the Voice (From Performance Edition 1973-1994)
Passing (Le Passant) from L'Estampe Moderne, Number 11
Dining Room Overlooking the Garden (The Breakfast Room)
Evening (Self-Portrait with the Battenbergs) from Faces
Freeing the Memory (From Performance Edition 1973-1994)
Hanging Streetlight in the Arcades of the Rue de Rivoli
Meeting of the Shenandoah and Potomac at Harper's Ferry
Probing The Mysteries of a Double Life (for Parkett 24)
Reclining Chair with Arms. Reclining Chair without Arms
Standing Woman seen from Behind (study for The Back, I)
Stepping Stones Leading to the Chokatai, Katsura Palace
Tracing pad with George Maciunas name cards and letters
Wrestling Lock: Plate 346 from Animal Locomotion (1887)
Billowing Lights, Sam Wagstaff's Opening at the Corcoran
Drawing for PHYTOTRON: HYDROPONIC ENVIRONMENT FOR PLANTS
Drawing for Phytotron: Hydroponic Environment for Plants
Exploring the Universe, Nuclear Fusion, General Dynamics
Kneeling nude with bent back (Nu agenouillÌ© et cambrÌ©)
Moon-Viewing Platform seen from the Second Room, Katsura
Reclining Chair with Arms. Reclining Chair without Arms.
Reclining Chair without Arms. Reclining Chair with Arms.
Viewing a Prison Scene (plate 5a) from A Rake's Progress
Assembling a Hydro-Generator at the Farkhad Power Station
Clearing Winter Storm, Yosemite National Park, California
Fastening of tubular-steel legs to shelves and table tops
Looking Across the Colorado River to Mouth of Paria Creek
Reclining Nude, with Necklace (Femme Ì©tendue aux perles)
Remodelling of H. Fischer Residential Building, Magdeburg
Standing Nude, Arms Folded (Nu debout, les bras croisÌ©s)
Transporting the Wounded in Houthulst Forest from The War
Walking City on the Ocean, project Exterior perspective
During the War: Shortage of Food in Easton, state IV of IV
Evening near Norry Geyser Basin, Yellowstone National Park
Flushing Creek, Looking towards Shea Stadium and Citifield
Resting on a Summer Evening from The Robbers (Die RÌ_uber)
Swimming Pool at ChÌ¢teau de Rouzat, My Cousin Jean Haguet
Tentoonstelling van Nederlansche Gemeentewerken Te Utrecht
Exploring the Universe, Sub-Atomic worlds, General Dynamics
Irving Trust, College of Insurance and a Flight into Newark
Painting on Blue and Yellow Wall from the "Painting" Series
Playing a Note on the Violin While I Walk Around the Studio
Receiving the Inheritance (plate 1a) from A Rake's Progress
Reclining Figure with Sea Background from Reclining Figures
Reclining Figure with Sky Background from Reclining Figures
Sleeping Man (Pechstein) (plate, folio 15 verso) KG BrÌ_cke
Swimming Pool at Night. (woman standing on man's shoulders)
(outing at rocks; woodpile at right, couple dancing at left)
Coming to Jones Road: Under a Blood Red Sky #8 from Femfolio
Crouching Nude, Eyes Lowered (Nu accroupi les yeux baissÌ©s)
Floating crane "Ajax" test. 250 ton test load at rated reach
Morning Glory Vine, Early Morning Light, Tuscaloosa, Alabama
Smiling mouth with moustache, Recital at Kyoto Festival Hall
Spanning Material for Ceiling of Swiss Tea Pavillion in Lyon
Building over Motorway Project, London, England Perspectives
Cracking Wing, Gros Ventri Tribe, on arrival at Hampton. 1880
Evening on the Wijtschaete Plain (November 1917) from The War
Standing Figure, Head Lowered (Figure debout, tÌ»te baissÌ©e)
Disappearing Music for Face and Endless Envelopes for Fluxus 1
Lighting Fitting with Mobile Arm and Screw Clip (model 33 206)
Tracing on Mylar for Triptych for the Red Room, Left Panel (A)
Baiting the Bull, plate 10 (facing page 49) from La Tauromaquia
Bullfighting Feat, plate 7 (facing page 33) from La Tauromaquia
Everything Else Has Failed! Don't You Think It's Time For Love?
Exploring from Plato's Cave, Rothko's Chapel, Lincoln's Profile
Exploring the Universe, First Step Into Space, General Dynamics
Having Been Done At/ Having Been Done To/ Essendo Stato Fatto A
Tracing on Mylar for Triptych for the Red Room, Right Panel (C)
Everything Else Has Failed! Don't You Think It 's Time for Love?
Self-Supporting House, Model for a Prefabricated Building System
Tracing on Mylar for Triptych for the Red Room, Center Panel (B)
Waiting Room, Baroness Erlanger Hospital, Chattanooga, Tennessee
Everything Comes and Goes, Marked by Lovers and Styles of Clothes
Everything goes. Primary and secondary colors brought up to white
Floating crane "Ajax" test. Rotating 150 tons load at rated reach
Reclining Nude, With Crossed Legs (Nu allongÌ©, jambes repliÌ©es)
Reliving the Experience of Their Youth from The Queen of Golconda
Stacking Chairs (recto). Lounge Chair with Arms (recto and verso)
Waiting for You, no. 15 of 16, from the series, Do Not Abandon Me
Walking in an Exaggerated Manner Around the Perimeter of a Square
Cursing Old Woman (in-text plate, page 7) from Der Kopf (The Head)
Flipping Kicking Howling Rolling Sitting Standing Climbing Telling
Hanging Heads #2 (Blue Andrew with Plug/White Julie, Mouth Closed)
Heading for Act 5: Franz and Daniel from The Robbers (Die RÌ_uber)
Reaching for You, no. 13 of 16, from the series, Do Not Abandon Me
Flushing Meadows and Lighting Masts, Site B, Khayelitsha, Cape Town
King Arthur's Court, Church Universal and Triumphant, Pray, Montana
Swooping Down on a Taube, plate 6 from the series Building Aircraft
Trying to Get the Name of the Accused, Beaufort West Police Station
(outing at end of island; campfire at left, groups posing at right.)
Floating crane "Ajax". Test load used for 15, 20, 62 1/2 and 75 tons
Room-Dividing Curtain Material for Harvard Graduate Center Dormitory
Showing the Snapshot from the portfolio Eight Etchings II, 1936-1959
Being Within the Context of Reaction (Binnen Het Gegeven van Reactie)
Floating crane "Ajax" test. Rotating 250 ton test load at rated reach
Reclining and Standing Figure and Family Group from Reclining Figures
Reclining Figure, Flowered Background (Figure allongÌ©e, fond fleuri)
Rounding Cape Horn. Road to Iowa Hill from the River, in the Distance
Something of the World (Quelque chose d'un monde) from Hayterophilies
Turning Away from the periodical KÌ_ndung, vol. 1, no. 3 (March 1921)
Bouncing Two Balls Between the Floor and Ceiling with Changing Rhythms
Drawing #158 (1,625 Red on Turquoise 1/2/1.5/3 x 10 Gauges 6-3-4-2 mm)
Spring Chair with Arms. Tugendhat Chair. Reclining Chair without Arms.
Spring Cleaning; Eastman & Son, the London Dyers & Cleaners since 1802
Standing Woman (in-text plate, folio 17) from PoÌ¬sie de mots inconnus
Dancing Birch Treee, sketch for the choreographer for Aleko (Scene III)
Drawing #143 (3,000 Black on White 10 and direct 10 Gauge 1.5-2-3-6 mm)
Floating crane "Ajax" -- test. Luffing out over side, 150 ton test load
Floating crane "Ajax" test. 150 tons luffed out overside of rated reach
Flying Home for the Museum in Progress project Interventions: Billboard
Horrifying News--Sacrilegious Theft (Horrorosa Noticia--Robo Sacrilego)
Kneeling Beggar Woman (in-text plate, page 29) from Der Kopf (The Head)
Praying Boy from the periodical KÌ_ndung, vol. 1, no. 2 (February 1921)
Something Which is Very Near in Place and Time, But Not Yet Known to Me
Standing Hanuman, Tamul Nadu India, Chola Period 11th Century, New York
Floating crane "Ajax" test. 150 tons luffed out over side of rated reach
Looking for the Mother, no. 12 of 16, from the series, Do Not Abandon Me
Radicalizing the Local: 60 Miles of Trans-Border Urban Conflict, project
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Plan
Sleeping Woman- Awakening (Femme couchÌ©e-RÌ©veil), plate III from Elles
Throwing Dice before the Cross from Six Lithographs to the New Testament
Wandering Circus. Clown and Acrobats (Cirque forain. Clown et acrobates)
(outing near country road; group posing at left; couple on road at right)
Burning Wheel from In a Spin, the Action of the World on Things, Volume I
Floating crane "Ajax" test. Rotating 275 tons (10% excess) at rated reach
Floating crane "Ajax" test. Rotating 275 tons (10% excess) at rates reach
Wall-Covering Material for the Bundesschule Auditorium in Bernau, Germany
Crouching Oriental, Veil on Head (Orientale accroupie, voile sur la tÌ»te)
Drilling and Loading Explosives for an Overburden Blast, Colstrip, Montana
Getting Ready for a Visit (Apprets de visite) from Intimacies (IntimitÌ©s)
Reclining Chair with and without Arms. Lounge Chair with and without Arms.
Sending Dogs After the Bull, plate 11 (facing page 53) from La Tauromaquia
Spinning Wheel from In a Spin, the Action of the World on Things, Volume 1
(Drawing after KÌãsebier's portrait of Edward Steichen with cape and beret)
Cleaning the Drapes, from the series House Beautiful: Bringing the War Home
Drawing for Illustration No. 1 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 2 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 3 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 4 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 5 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 6 for In Memory of My Feelings by frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 7 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 8 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 9 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Morning Mist, Merced River and Bridalveil Fall, Yosemite Valley, California
Sleeping Woman (title page) from Die trÌ_umenden Knaben (The Dreaming Boys)
Drawing for Illustration No. 11 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 12 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 13 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 14 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 15 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 16 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 17 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 18 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 20 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 21 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 22 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 24 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 25 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 26 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 27 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 28 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 29 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Drawing for Illustration No. 30 for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Reaching for the Coat Sleeve from the portfolio Eight Etchings II, 1936-1959
Reclining Woman, Lassitude (Femme sur le dos, Lassitude), plate X from Elles
Facing North, Edge of Plains, Georgia. (road with telephone pole in distance)
Tipping Teal Couple with a Small Dying Plant in a Japanese Water Tub (Summer)
Towing the Reed, from Life and Landscape on the Norfolk Broads (London, 1886)
Inserting a Pair of Banderillas, plate 14 (facing page 73) from La Tauromaquia
Ricking the Reed, from Life and Landscape on the Norfolk Broads (London, 1886)
Summoning the Bull with the Cape, plate 6 (facing page 29) from La Tauromaquia
Waiting Room, Southwark Department of Health and Social Security, South London
Filling Station: Series of 22 Costume Designs and One Set Design for the Ballet
Floating crane "Hercules" pulling 6 ft caissons at reloader wharf coaling plant
Reclining Nude (tailpiece, table of contents) from Umbra Vitae (Shadow of Life)
Summoning the Bull with a Lance, plate 25 (facing page 125) from La Tauromaquia
Wandering Puppeteers (in-text plate, page 29) from Der Findling (The Foundling)
Ring-a-ring of roses from In a Spin, the Action of the World on Things, Volume 1
Drawing (Part of a suite of 4) The Bed Levitation Scene for Einstein on the Beach
Saying/Doing from Reflections on and onto a Sheet of Paper (Chapter X, Number 48)
Setting the Bow-Net, from Life and Landscape on the Norfolk Broads (London, 1886)
Breaking Habits from the Museum in Progress project TransAct 2 - Linguistic Fields
Reclining Chair with Rocker, with Arms. Reclining Chair with Rocker, without Arms.
Returning Home from Hale Woodruff: A Portfolio of 8 Images from the Atlanta Period
Summoning the Bull with Banderillas, plate 13 (facing page 69) from La Tauromaquia
Floating crane "Ajax" showing method of attaching test load to the individual hooks
Wishing You a Berry Merry Christmas and a Grape New Year from Pinaire Lithographing
Anting Gate of Peking After the Surrender, English and French Troops Take Possession
Evening or Interior with Sofa (headpiece, folio 4) from Tombeau de Ìädouard Vuillard
Fragment-According to What-Hinged Canvas from the series Fragments-According to What
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Table. Elevation
Crouching Nude in Profile with Black Hair (Nu accroupi, profil ÌÊ la chevelure noire)
Drawing (Part of a suite of 4) for The Bed Levitation Scene for Einstein on the Beach
Drawing for Poem ("Hate is only one...") for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'Hara
Drawing for Poem ("Hate is only one...") for In Memory of My Feelings by Frank O'hara
Evening FLUXshoe Post with a brochure for Allen Fisher performance "Blood Bone Brain"
Having Soul from the periodical KÌ_ndung, vol. 1, no. 4, 5, 6 (April, May, June 1921)
Reclining Figure (The Mad III) (headpiece, page 27) from Umbra vitae (Shadow of Life)
Standing Bag Piper and Seated Italiam Peasant Woman, at the Corner of 21 Quai Bourbon
Wedding Chapel, Seattle, Washington. (room with chairs and fake vines on the ceiling)
Parading Through the Streets in Single File (Le MonÌ«me) from the series Paris Intense
Lancing the Bull (Alanceando a un toro), plate 26 (facing page 129) from La Tauromaquia
Nothing could be done about it (Nohubo remedio) (plate 24, folio 24) from Los Caprichos
Drawing (Part of a suite of four) for The Bed Levitation Scene for Einstein on the Beach
Having a Beer in "Art's Sportsmen's Tavern" in Cole Chester, Connecticut, on a Rainy Day
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Plan (print of R7.1)
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Plan (print of R7.4)
Riding Out to Bring the Cattle, First Stages of Snow Blizzard, Lyman County South Dakota
Coming Home from the Marshes, from Life and Landscape on the Norfolk Broads (London, 1886)
Reclining Lion and Fox (in-text plates, page 30) from Tierfabeln des Aesop (Aesop's Fables)
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Wall layout. Elevations
Drawing for the drypoint Children's Bath in the Garden (Toilette des enfants dans le jardin)
Drawing on newsprint (Village Voice) with printed Walking Woman silhouette. February 4, 1965
Reclining Nude. Interior with Venetian Lamp (Nu couchÌ©. IntÌ©rieur ÌÊ la lampe vÌ©nitienne)
Revisiting the temple of Ramses III as seen from the first pylon of the great temply of Amon
Visiting card of Kara-Darvish, with drawing by Kirill Zdanevich entitled "The Furious Lady."
Working Drawings and Other Visible Things on Paper Not Necessarily Meant to be Viewed as Art
(outing near beach; couple on rocks at left, couple on beach at center; large group at right)
Reclining Chair without Arms. Reclining Chair with Arms. Chair with Arms. Chair without Arms.
Setting Sun. Sardine Fishing. Adagio. Opus 221 from the series The Sea, The Boats, Concarneau
Testing the Devil (El Testerazo del Devil) from Twenty-five prints of JosÌ©-Guadelupe Posada
Awakening (Eveil) from the portfolio Geography (GÌ©ographie) from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
Hanging in Chains from In Our Time: Covers for a Small Library After the Life for the Most Part
Kneeling Girl (plate, loose leaf) from the periodical Das Kunstblatt, vol. 1, no. 12 (Dec 1917)
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Inset cupboards. Elevations
Reclining Nude, Legs Bent, With a Necklace (Nu allongÌ©, les jambres repliÌ©es, avec un collier)
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Tables. Elevations and plans
King Broadcasting Company Office Building Project, Seattle, WA Preliminary site development plan
Trembling Matter (Texte frissonant) from the portfolio Textures from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
Walking to the Table (On passe ÌÊ table), plate XXXIV (supplementary suite) from Les Ìâmes mortes
Calling card/Manifesto/information card starting with 'Fluxus HQ P.O. Box 180, New York, 10013...'
Fleeting Instants (Instants fugÌ©es) from the portfolio Textures from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
King Broadcasting Company Office Building Project, Seattle, WA Site utlilization study, phase II.
Ring from the portfolio These Are Ten Useful Objects Which No One Should Be Without When Traveling
Traveling Circus (plate, loose leaf) from the periodical Das Kunstblatt, vol. 2, no. 12 (Dec 1918)
Printing Piece, Simultaneous Bean Reading, and Composition for Paik (page 6) from by Alison Knowles
Assembling Reminders for a Particular Purpose (plate, folio 12) from the illustrated book As Is When
Coming of Age in Samoa from In Our Time: Covers for a Small Library After the Life for the Most Part
Disarming Armor (L'armure dÌ©sarmante) from the portfolio Studies and Surprises (Etudes et Surprises)
Dying Bull Kneeling Before a Dead Nude Woman (Taureau mourant agenouillÌ© devant une femme nue morte)
Dying Old Maid (plate, inside back cover) from Das StiftsfrÌ_ulein und der Tod (The Canoness and Death)
Pointing Out the Route (L'Indication de la route), plate XIX (supplementary suite) from Les Ìâmes mortes
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Inset cupboards and door. Elevations
Icing (Givrage) from the portfolio Scrap Plates I (Planches de rebut I) from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Wall bench. Front and side elevations
Spring Landscape (plate, preceding p. 1) from the periodical Das Kunstblatt, vol. 2, no. 1 (January 1918)
Floating crane "Ajax" test. Showing 112.8 ton test load (20% excess) on one hook at rated reach for 94 tons
Heading for Act 4: Karl Moor and Kosinsky on Horseback by Count Moor's Castle from The Robbers (Die RÌ_uber)
Reclining Couple (headpiece, page 16) from ÌÏber das Geistige in der Kunst (Concerning the Spiritual in Art)
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Inset cupboards. Elevations and sections
Fishing Boat in the Rain (plate, loose leaf) from the periodical Das Kunstblatt, vol. 1, no. 3 (Mar 1917)
Calming Bed (Lit d'apaisement) from the portfolio Clean Slates (Tables rases) from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
Printing plates used for making the book Promised Relations: or, thoughts concerning a few artists‰Ûª contracts
Rubbing (Frotterie) from the portfolio Scrap Plates II (Planches de rebut II) from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
"Working Men Lunches" CafÌ© Where Construction Workers Eat in Pineville, Louisiana, on Highway to Camp Livingston
Fighting the Traffic in Young Girls from In Our Time: Covers for a Small Library After the Life for the Most Part
Falling Star from the portfolio Eight Lithographs to Benefit the Foundation for Contemporary Performance Arts, Inc
Reclining Female Nude (headpiece, page 101) from ÌÏber das Geistige in der Kunst (Concerning the Spiritual in Art)
(outing near country road; man helping woman woman over fence in background; women sitting by trough in foreground)
Standing in Line for Potatoes (plate, folio 25) from the periodical Der Bildermann, vol. 1, no. 12 (September 1916)
Remodeling of the Apartment of G. BÌ_ren, Wannsee, Berlin, Germany Inset cupboards and door. Elevations and section
Shooting Stars (Ìätoiles filantes) (plate VIII) from Quatorze lithographies originales (MÌ©lodies de DÌ©sirÌ© Dihau)
Decoding (DÌ©chiffrement) from the portfolio Scrap Plates II (Planches de rebut II) from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
Floating crane "Hercules" transferring equipment across Gatun Locks from the east side. Steam shovel suspended in air
Signing certificates, performed during Fluxus Festival of Total Art and Comportment, Flea market, Nice, July 25, 1963
Blowing Up the Brandenburg Gate. Proposal for the 1994-95 Competition for Berlin Memorial for the Murdered Jews of Europe
Standing and Falling Tower with Rider (front cover) from ÌÏber das Geistige in der Kunst (Concerning the Spiritual in Art)
Rustling Surface (Texture frÌ©missante) from the portfolio Grounds, Earths (Sols, terres) from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
Felling a cedar 76 feet in circumference measured 1 1/2 feet from ground. Supposed to have been the largest tree in Washington
Paving of Skin (Pavage de peau) from the portfolio The Taker of Imprints (Le Preneur d'empreintes) from Phenomena (Les PhÌ©nomÌ¬nes)
Spiraling Eyes, frontispiece, state I of VI, from the illustrated book, Les Ìäditions du Solstice: Annuaire de la DÌ©cennie, 1989-1999
Spiraling Eyes, frontispiece, state V of VI, from the illustrated book, Les Ìäditions du Solstice: Annuaire de la DÌ©cennie, 1989-1999
Spiraling Eyes, frontispiece, state II of VI, from the illustrated book, Les Ìäditions du Solstice: Annuaire de la DÌ©cennie, 1989-1999
Spiraling Eyes, frontispiece, state VI of VI, from the illustrated book, Les Ìäditions du Solstice: Annuaire de la DÌ©cennie, 1989-1999
Departing for the Ride (Le depart pour la promenade), plate 5 from The Album of Original Lithographs (Album de lithographies originales)
Testing robot-truck designed to move containers within automated ECT/Sea-Land cargo terminal. Maasvlakte, Port of Rotterdam, the Netherlands
Measuring Stick Palm Tree (Zollstockpalme) from the Palm Tree Series (Palmenserie) from .....Higher Beings Ordain (.....HÌ¦here Wesen befehlen)
Dreaming Sculptor, Model with Black Hair and Bowl with Three Anemones (Sculpteur songeant, modÌ¬le aux chevaux noirs et bol avec trois anÌ©mones)
Spiraling Eyes, frontispiece, state III of VI, variant, from the illustrated book, Les Ìäditions du Solstice: Annuaire de la DÌ©cennie, 1989-1999
Dreaming Beauty (La Belle au bois rÌ»vant), Moneyed marriage (Mariage d'argent) and Ahasuerus (AhasvÌ¬re) from The Beraldi Album of Theatre Programs
Reading Work Piece No. 1: music while you work, performed during Flux/Festival/Nieuwste Muziek en Anti-Muziek-Het Instrumentale Theater, Kurzaal, Scheveningen, November 13, 1964
Reading Work Piece No. 1: music while you work, performed during Festum Fluxorum, Fluxus, Musik und Antimusik das Instrumentale Theater, Staatliche Kunstakademie, DÌ_sseldorf, February 3, 1963
Counting Song for La Monte Young and Homage to Allemagne, performed during Festum Fluxorum, Fluxus, Musik und Antimusik das Instrumentale Theater, Staatliche Kunstakademie, DÌ_sseldorf, February 2, 1963
Cooking Pot, plate 18 from The International Anthology OF CONTEMPORARY ENGRAVING: THE INTERNATIONAL AVANT-GARDE, Volume 5: AMERICA DISCOVERED (ANTHOLOGIA INTERNAZIONALE DELL' INCISIONE CONTEMPORANEA: L'AVANGUARDIA INTERNAZIONALE, Volume 5: SCOPERTA
Using a black, hard crayon draw a twenty inch square. Divide this square into one inch squares. Within each one inch square, draw nothing, or draw a diagonal straight line from corner to corner or two crossing straight lines diagonally from corner to...
